README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pint.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pint
    :alt: Latest Version

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/pip/badge/
    :target: http://pint.readthedocs.org/
    :alt: Documentation

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/pint.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pint
    :alt: License

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/pint.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pint
    :alt: Python Versions

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/hgrecco/pint.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/hgrecco/pint
    :alt: CI

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/hgrecco/pint/badge.svg?branch=master 
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/hgrecco/pint?branch=master
    :alt: Coverage

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/pint/badge/
    :target: http://pint.readthedocs.org/
    :alt: Docs


Pint: makes units easy
======================

Pint is a Python package to define, operate and manipulate physical
quantities: the product of a numerical value and a unit of measurement.
It allows arithmetic operations between them and conversions from and
to different units.

It is distributed with a comprehensive list of physical units, prefixes
and constants. Due to its modular design, you can extend (or even rewrite!)
the complete list without changing the source code. It supports a lot of
numpy mathematical operations **without monkey patching or wrapping numpy**.

It has a complete test coverage. It runs in Python 2.6 and 3.X
with no other dependency. It is licensed under BSD.

It is extremely easy and natural to use:

.. code-block:: python

    >>> import pint
    >>> ureg = pint.UnitRegistry()
    >>> 3 * ureg.meter + 4 * ureg.cm
    <Quantity(3.04, 'meter')>

and you can make good use of numpy if you want:

.. code-block:: python

    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> [3, 4] * ureg.meter + [4, 3] * ureg.cm
    <Quantity([ 3.04  4.03], 'meter')>
    >>> np.sum(_)
    <Quantity(7.07, 'meter')>


Quick Installation
------------------

To install Pint, simply:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pip install pint

and then simply enjoy it!


Documentation
-------------

Full documentation is available at http://pint.readthedocs.org/


Design principles
-----------------

Although there are already a few very good Python packages to handle physical
quantities, no one was really fitting my needs. Like most developers, I programed
Pint to scratch my own itches.

- Unit parsing: prefixed and pluralized forms of units are recognized without
  explicitly defining them. In other words: as the prefix *kilo* and the unit *meter*
  are defined, Pint understands *kilometers*. This results in a much shorter and
  maintainable unit definition list as compared to other packages.

- Standalone unit definitions: units definitions are loaded from simple and
  easy to edit text file. Adding and changing units and their definitions does
  not involve changing the code.

- Advanced string formatting: a quantity can be formatted into string using
  PEP 3101 syntax. Extended conversion flags are given to provide latex and pretty
  formatting.

- Small codebase: small and easy to maintain with a flat hierarchy.

- Dependency free: it depends only on Python and its standard library.

- Python 2 and 3: A single codebase that runs unchanged in Python 2.6+ and Python 3.0+.

- Advanced NumPy support: While NumPy is not a requirement for Pint,
  when available ndarray methods and ufuncs can be used in Quantity objects.

Commit message:

Show team and repo badges on README
This patch adds the team's and repository's badges to the README file.
The motivation behind this is to communicate the project status and
features at first glance.

For more information about this effort, please read this email thread:

http://lists.openstack.org/pipermail/openstack-dev/2016-October/105562.html

To see an example of how this would look like check:

https://gist.github.com/3b54cf45ee6fb2ec3b81f3105e038cbe

Change-Id: I33411b8dc407814b5c28f97ffec523410dccd7dc

README.rst, after:

========================
Team and repository tags
========================

.. image:: http://governance.openstack.org/badges/deb-python-pint.svg
    :target: http://governance.openstack.org/reference/tags/index.html

.. Change things from this point on

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pint.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pint
    :alt: Latest Version

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/pip/badge/
    :target: http://pint.readthedocs.org/
    :alt: Documentation

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/pint.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pint
    :alt: License

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/pint.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pint
    :alt: Python Versions

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/hgrecco/pint.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/hgrecco/pint
    :alt: CI

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/hgrecco/pint/badge.svg?branch=master 
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/hgrecco/pint?branch=master
    :alt: Coverage

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/pint/badge/
    :target: http://pint.readthedocs.org/
    :alt: Docs


Pint: makes units easy
======================

Pint is a Python package to define, operate and manipulate physical
quantities: the product of a numerical value and a unit of measurement.
It allows arithmetic operations between them and conversions from and
to different units.

It is distributed with a comprehensive list of physical units, prefixes
and constants. Due to its modular design, you can extend (or even rewrite!)
the complete list without changing the source code. It supports a lot of
numpy mathematical operations **without monkey patching or wrapping numpy**.

It has a complete test coverage. It runs in Python 2.6 and 3.X
with no other dependency. It is licensed under BSD.

It is extremely easy and natural to use:

.. code-block:: python

    >>> import pint
    >>> ureg = pint.UnitRegistry()
    >>> 3 * ureg.meter + 4 * ureg.cm
    <Quantity(3.04, 'meter')>

and you can make good use of numpy if you want:

.. code-block:: python

    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> [3, 4] * ureg.meter + [4, 3] * ureg.cm
    <Quantity([ 3.04  4.03], 'meter')>
    >>> np.sum(_)
    <Quantity(7.07, 'meter')>


Quick Installation
------------------

To install Pint, simply:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pip install pint

and then simply enjoy it!


Documentation
-------------

Full documentation is available at http://pint.readthedocs.org/


Design principles
-----------------

Although there are already a few very good Python packages to handle physical
quantities, no one was really fitting my needs. Like most developers, I programed
Pint to scratch my own itches.

- Unit parsing: prefixed and pluralized forms of units are recognized without
  explicitly defining them. In other words: as the prefix *kilo* and the unit *meter*
  are defined, Pint understands *kilometers*. This results in a much shorter and
  maintainable unit definition list as compared to other packages.

- Standalone unit definitions: units definitions are loaded from simple and
  easy to edit text file. Adding and changing units and their definitions does
  not involve changing the code.

- Advanced string formatting: a quantity can be formatted into string using
  PEP 3101 syntax. Extended conversion flags are given to provide latex and pretty
  formatting.

- Small codebase: small and easy to maintain with a flat hierarchy.

- Dependency free: it depends only on Python and its standard library.

- Python 2 and 3: A single codebase that runs unchanged in Python 2.6+ and Python 3.0+.

- Advanced NumPy support: While NumPy is not a requirement for Pint,
  when available ndarray methods and ufuncs can be used in Quantity objects.
